Okay, hm...
Yeah
usually because like you know weather storm like it... Yeah the weathe-
From the sun, so there's like three elements. One the
the sun, the whatever it is emitting.
that has to be high and then the
Weather has to be clear on
Alaska, like it can't be raining or snowing.
Sounds like it and then the darkness
So those are the three elements that you need.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, the weather has to cooperate.
Yeah, because if the auras are in a higher altitude...
Yeah
Yeah, or you go above the clouds.
So when I went, they...
We trekked up into the mountains
Higher grounds, yeah.
If you're above the clouds, if it's a cloudy day.
Oh no, I it was part of the, the tour, yeah. And it was fun.
Yeah, that was fun.
Yeah. But the flare-up was really low for us.
The flare up was really low for us, that solar flare.
Yeah, yeah
That's why I would it's kind of like it's hard to climb.
Cause you start planning it before you really know.
Yeah, so that's what makes it hard.
But, the p-  one thing I liked about the Alaska place is
there was a hot hot spring.
And that, yes, there was a hot spring and so.
Um. And it was huge outdoor.
hot springs.
It seemed larger, it seemed than that.
you
It was like, yeah, yeah, but not not a lake because it's not that.
A pond? Yeah, it seemed like a pond.
but it's like rocky and it was a weird formation.
Yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then there's rocks and then.
It was like minus 28 degrees outside.
and you have to run out there in your bathing suit.
He's supposed to a young,  to da- mad dash.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Heck a lot.
and then it's freezing but once you get there and you soak in there
for an hour, like you can sit outside the hot water.
because once your body is really warm
then you can sit on top of the rocks.
No, no, it's just right.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And then, yeah, and so that was really fun.
And I really spent like time.
with my friends, because, we,  it's not like, OK, we need to go sightseeing.
when you do this, this, and this, because there's not a whole mess to do in that wild.
Um. So we ended up playing card games like.
Just talking and really getting to know one another.
So, I think that's fun, yeah.
Ha. Do you think you'll turn ugly with this?
But, we I know we've been stuck in that cabin during
that snowstorm so it's kind of like that.
but a lot more...
But then there was like dog sledding experience that you can do or s-
um was it it like those snow... hiking
like you wear those
Yes... that it is, I don't know.
Oh, something like that, I guess, but it looks like a tennis racket. Yeah.
Yeah, so a- like you can do that.
Um. Dog sledding.
Um. Visit the Ice Museum.
Things like that. Yeah.
You know, um, maybe i think.